[epic music playing]
♪ Illumination! ♪
-[slurping loudly]
-[gasps] Eh!
[slurps] Hm?
Mm! [gargling loudly]
[burbles]
[ominous music playing]
[lights humming]
[organ playing dramatic melody]
[thunder crashing]
[indistinct chatter and laughter]
One, please.
[bell rings]
[Buster over PA]
All creatures great and small,
welcome to the Moon Theater.
Please take your seats.
The show is about to begin.
[indistinct chatter]
[loud boom over speakers]
[laughing]
[indistinct chatter]
[upbeat music playing over speakers]
[music turns ominous]
[tire pops, hisses]
-[groans]
-[audience laughs]
A flat?
Oh no!
Now I'll be late for the party.
No signal? [groans]
You gotta be kidding me.
Okay. Pull yourself together.
I mean, how hard can it be
to fix a stupid tire anyway?
There's a spare back here somewhere.
-[mystical music playing over speakers]
-[audience laughing]
-[Meena coughs]
-[audience gasps]
What?
My car! It's gone!
But… But… But that's impossible!
-[creature snorts]
-[gasps] Hello?
-[eerie music playing]
-Is someone there?
[child] I'm here!
-[audience laughs]
-[branches rustling]
[yelps]
[breathing heavily]
-["Thriller" playing]
-[gasps]
[Meena gasps]
[audience gasping]
[breathing heavily]
[child] ♪ It's close to midnight ♪
♪ And something evil's lurking
From the dark! ♪
[Meena gasping]
[children] ♪ Under the moonlight ♪
♪ You see a sight
That almost stops your heart! ♪
[gasps] Oh my gosh.
[children] ♪ You try to scream ♪
♪ But terror takes the sound
Before you make it! ♪
[Meena gasps]
[children] ♪ You start to freeze ♪
♪ As horror looks you
Right between your eyes ♪
♪ You're paralyzed! ♪
♪ You hear the door slam ♪
♪And realize
There's nowhere left to run! ♪
-Cuckoo!
-[audience cheers]
♪ You feel the cold hand ♪
♪ And wonder if you'll ever see the sun! ♪
♪ You close your eyes
And hope that this is just imagination ♪
[Gunter] Oh!
♪ Girl! ♪
Yeah!
♪ But all the while
You hear a creature creeping up behind ♪
♪ You're out of time! ♪
♪ 'Cause this is thriller! ♪
♪ Thriller night! ♪
♪ There ain't no second chance
Against the thing with forty eyes, girl! ♪
-♪ Thriller! ♪
-♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ Thriller night! ♪
♪ You're fighting for your life
Inside a killer thriller tonight! ♪
♪ Night creatures call ♪
♪ And the dead start to walk
In their masquerade! ♪
♪ Masquerade! ♪
♪ There's no escaping
The jaws of the alien this time! ♪
-♪ This time ♪
-♪ This is the end of your life! ♪
[audience cheers]
[song crescendos]
-[cheering and whooping]
-["Thriller" playing]
So, Moon, you coming with us
to Clay's Halloween party?
-Uh, that's tonight?
-Yeah-huh! Party time, baby!
-Are we taking the bus?
-Nah, I got my dad's truck.
-Cool!
-[Ash] Let's go, Moon.
-Clay will be mad at us if we're late.
-I'm coming!
…the building has been destroyed,
and trees surrounding the site
flattened to the ground.
Everyone has been safely evacuated
from the laboratory,
though it is not yet known
what caused the mysterious explosion.
-[yelps]
-[eerie music playing]
[whimpers]
[grunts]
[groans] Ow.
[Ash] Let's go, Moon!
-[lively music playing]
-[Gunter whooping]
[indistinct chatter]
[GPS] In half a mile, take the second exit
and then go straight.
-Whoa! [yelps]
-[tires screech]
Sorry, folks, there's been an explosion
and a leak at the science lab.
-Is anyone hurt?
-No, everyone has been safely evacuated.
[Buster] Officer, what is that stuff?
Beats me. I'm no scientist.
But until we get it under control,
this road is closed, okay?
Thank you, officer.
You folks take care now.
-[tires screech]
-[ominous music playing]
Aw, dang. My new boots.
[music peaks, fades]
[engine stops]
-[Johnny laughs]
-[Gunter] Okay, like, wow.
This guy, like, totally knows
how to throw a party, am I right?
-[lively music plays over speakers]
-[gasping]
-[Johnny] No way.
-[Meena] Wow! This is so cool.
-Where is everybody?
-Ah!
-Look at that.
-Amazing.
-[doorbell chimes]
-Clay, we're here!
Uh…
-He's probably trying to scare us.
-[laughs]
[music distorts and fades]
See? This is typical Clay.
Okay, Mr. Spookypants, you got us!
Yeah, very funny, Clay.
You can come out now.
Clay, we know you're in there.
Clay?
-[dramatic sting plays]
-[all scream, grunt]
[eerie music playing]
Ew!
Guys? I found the other party guests.
[zombies groaning]
Uh-oh. This is not my kind of party.
[zombies continue groaning]
[dramatic sting plays]
[screams]
["Thriller" playing]
♪ 'Cause this is thriller! ♪
♪ Thriller night! ♪
♪ And no one's gonna save you
From the beast about to strike! ♪
♪ You know it's thriller! ♪
♪ Thriller night! ♪
♪ You're fighting for your life
Inside a killer, thriller!
Yeah!
-♪ Thriller! ♪
♪ Thriller night! ♪
♪ 'Cause I can thrill you more
Than any ghoul would ever dare try! ♪
-♪ Thriller! ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo! ♪
♪ Thriller night! ♪
♪ So let me hold you tight ♪
♪ And share a killer, thriller
Chiller, thriller here tonight! ♪
♪ Thriller! ♪
♪ Thriller night! ♪
♪ 'Cause I can thrill you more
Than any ghoul would ever dare try ♪
[screams]
-♪ Thriller! ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo! ♪
♪ Thriller night! ♪
♪ So let me hold you tight
And share a killer, thriller! Ow! ♪
-[both scream]
-Mr. Moon, run!
[haunting music playing]
-[growling]
-[screams]
[Miss Crawly screams]
[zombies groaning]
[screams]
[Miss Crawly yelps]
-[music fades]
-[both panting]
It's okay, Miss Crawly. We're safe now.
[dramatic music playing]
[both scream]
[screaming]
[gasps]
Miss Crawly? What… What's going on?
Oh, Mr. Moon,
I think you must have hit your head.
Ow. Yeah. I think you may be right.
Are you feeling well enough
to go to the party, sir?
Party? What?
Everybody's waiting outside
in the car for you.
Of course. The party!
Thank you, Miss Crawly, I'm fine!
Come on, let's go!
Remind me to fix those shelves, will you?
Yes, Mr. Moon.
[dramatic sting plays]
[haunting laughter]
[yelps]
-[thuds]
-[Ray] Ow.
[haunting music playing]
[haunting cackling]